README.md, before:

# Awesome React Render Props

Awesome list of React components with render props and resources.

> PR's Welcome!

## Videos

-  [The State of Animation in React](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tavDv5hXpo) by [Cheng Lou](https://twitter.com/_chenglou)
-  [Use Render Props with React](https://egghead.io/lessons/react-use-render-props-with-react) 💲 by [Kent C. Dodds](https://twitter.com/kentcdodds)
-  [Refactor a HoC to a Render Prop Component](https://egghead.io/lessons/react-refactor-a-higher-order-component-to-a-render-prop-component) by [Andrew Del Prete](https://twitter.com/andrewdelprete)
-  [Unit test a React Render Prop component](https://egghead.io/lessons/react-unit-test-a-react-render-prop-component) 💲 by [Andrew Del Prete](https://twitter.com/andrewdelprete)
-  [Integration test a React component that consumes a Render Prop](https://egghead.io/lessons/react-integration-test-a-react-component-that-consumes-a-render-prop) 💲 by [Andrew Del Prete](https://twitter.com/andrewdelprete)
-  [Compose render prop components with React Adopt](https://egghead.io/lessons/react-compose-render-prop-components-with-react-adopt) by [Andrew Del Prete](https://twitter.com/andrewdelprete)

## Blog Posts / Articles

- [Use a Render Prop!](https://cdb.reacttraining.com/use-a-render-prop-50de598f11ce) by [Michael Jackson](https://twitter.com/mjackson)
- [Query Components with Apollo](https://dev-blog.apollodata.com/query-components-with-apollo-ec603188c157) by [Kureev Alexey](https://twitter.com/kureevalexey)
- [Testing ⚛️ components using render props](https://blog.kentcdodds.com/5623ab1814c) by [Kent C. Dodds](https://twitter.com/kentcdodds)
- [How to give rendering control to users with prop getters](https://blog.kentcdodds.com/549eaef76acf) by [Kent C. Dodds](https://twitter.com/kentcdodds)
- [React’s ⚛️ new Context API](https://medium.com/dailyjs/reacts--new-context-api-70c9fe01596b) (uses a render prop, includes handy examples) by [Kent C. Dodds](https://twitter.com/kentcdodds)

## Components

### Animation

- [react-motion](https://github.com/chenglou/react-motion): A spring that solves your animation problems.
- [react-move](https://github.com/react-tools/react-move): Beautiful, data-driven animations for React
- [react-prop-transition](https://github.com/imranolas/react-prop-transition): Transition _almost_ any value over time.
- [react-morph](https://github.com/brunnolou/react-morph): Morphing Ui transitions made simple
- [react-spring](https://github.com/drcmda/react-spring): 🙌 Helping react-motion and animated to become best friends

### Interaction

- [react-dragtastic](https://github.com/chrisjpatty/react-dragtastic): Declarative drag-and-drop for React
- [react-beautiful-dnd](https://github.com/atlassian/react-beautiful-dnd): Beautiful, accessible drag and drop for lists with React

### Routing

- [react-router](https://github.com/reacttraining/react-router): Declarative routing for React
- [@curi/react](https://curi.js.org/packages/@curi/react): Centralized routing with React

### Forms

- [Formik](https://github.com/jaredpalmer/formik): Forms in React, without tears 😭
- [React Final Form](https://github.com/final-form/react-final-form): 🏁 High performance subscription-based form state management for React
- [React Attire](https://github.com/gianmarcotoso/react-attire): Minimal state manager that simplifies React form handling
- [Informative](https://github.com/bradwestfall/informative): React Forms with ease. Use render-props to broadcast state
changes for the Form and Field. Also first-class support for re-usable FieldWraps
- [React Form](https://github.com/react-tools/react-form): Simple, powerful, highly composable forms in React
- [react-uncontrolled-form](https://github.com/ericvaladas/react-uncontrolled-form): Forms with validation using uncontrolled fields in React

### Inputs

- [Downshift](https://github.com/paypal/downshift): 🏎 Primitives to build simple, flexible, WAI-ARIA compliant enhanced input React components
- [react-toggled](https://github.com/kentcdodds/react-toggled): Component to build simple, flexible, and accessible toggle components
- [@navjobs/upload](https://github.com/navjobs/upload): Higher order React components for file uploading (with progress) react file upload
- [Dayzed](https://github.com/deseretdigital/dayzed): Primitives to build simple, flexible, WAI-ARIA compliant React date-picker components
- [react-compound-slider](https://github.com/sghall/react-compound-slider): React Compound Slider is a tiny (5kb) slider component with no opinion about markup or styles

### Data

- [react-apollo](https://github.com/apollographql/react-apollo): ♻️ React integration for Apollo Client
- [urql](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/urql): Universal React Query Library
- [holen](https://github.com/tkh44/holen): Declarative fetch for React
- [react-request](https://github.com/jmeas/react-request): Declarative HTTP requests for React with request deduplication and response caching
- [react-firestore](https://github.com/green-arrow/react-firestore): Render prop components to fetch Firestore collections and documents
- [redux-box](https://github.com/anish000kumar/redux-box): Modular and easy-to-grasp redux based state management, with least boilerplate
- [statty](https://github.com/vesparny/statty): A tiny and unobtrusive state management library for React and Preact apps
- [react-localforage](https://github.com/tkh44/react-localforage): Declarative localForage in React
- [react-senna](https://github.com/collardeau/react-senna): A store component to quickly initiate state and update handlers
- [constate](https://github.com/diegohaz/constate): React context + state = constate
- [react-whisper ☝️😮](https://github.com/arturkulig/react-whisper): Store, Reducer and Actor components for app-wide state management

### Misc

- [nuka-carousel](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/nuka-carousel): React Carousel Component
- [react-fns](https://github.com/jaredpalmer/react-fns): Browser API's turned into declarative React components and HoC's
- [react-media](https://github.com/reacttraining/react-media): CSS media queries for React
- [react-value](https://github.com/JedWatson/react-value): An easy easy way to wrap controlled components that provide `value` and `onChange` props with state.
- [react-redux-local](https://github.com/imflavio/react-redux-local): Simple local reducer with middleware/sagas/redux-dev-tools support.
- [react-powerplug](https://github.com/renatorib/react-powerplug): Renderless Pluggable State Containers
- [react-google-maps-loader](https://github.com/xuopled/react-google-maps-loader): Simple loader to use google maps services
- [react-progressive-image](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-progressive-image): React component for progressive image loading
- [react-device-battery](https://github.com/zanonnicola/react-device-battery): 🔋 Notifies your React App of the device battery status
- [react-loads](https://github.com/jxom/react-loads): A simple React component to handle loading state
- [react-data-sort](https://github.com/corjen/react-data-sort): React component for sorting, paginating and searching data
- [redux-render](https://github.com/jsonnull/redux-render): Ergonomic Redux bindings for React using render props
- [unstated](https://github.com/thejameskyle/unstated): Share state between components with the same stateful component API
- [render-props-compose](https://github.com/gnapse/render-props-compose): Compose several nested render prop components into one
- [react-useragent](https://github.com/jonstuebe/react-useragent): Retrieve user agent data through render props
- [react-gizmo](https://github.com/KadoBOT/react-gizmo): UI Finite State Machine for React
- [react-geolocation](https://github.com/tkh44/react-geolocation): Declarative geolocation in React
- [react-composer](https://github.com/jmeas/react-composer): Compose render prop components
- [react-sentinel](https://github.com/YurkaninRyan/react-sentinel): Abstracts away requestAnimationFrame, allowing you to poll anything for props
- [react-albus](https://github.com/americanexpress/react-albus): React component library for building declarative multi-step flows (wizards).
- [react-pro-metronome](https://github.com/rigobauer/react-pro-metronome): React component for creating your own metronome
- [react-with-async-fonts](https://github.com/sergeybekrin/react-with-async-fonts): Module for dealing with custom web fonts
- [@tedconf/react-show-more](https://github.com/tedconf/react-show-more): A Unopinionated component to handle showing more items
- [react-treefold](https://github.com/gnapse/react-treefold): A renderless tree component for your hierarchical React views
- [@danwang/retainer](https://github.com/danwang/retainer): Compose render prop components by lifting computation into containers
- [react-google-calendar-events-list](https://github.com/VinSpee/react-gcal-events-list): React component which retrieves events from a google calendar.
- [react-adopt](https://github.com/pedronauck/react-adopt): 😎 Compose render props components like a pro.
- [react-pledge](https://github.com/petergombos/react-pledge): Declarative way to track promise lifecycle states using "render props" 🕶
- [react-render-fam](https://github.com/danieldelcore/react-render-fam): Lit components for conditional rendering in React
- [react-power-picture](https://github.com/tvthatsme/react-power-picture): Progressively load an image srcset for maximum responsiveness and performance

### React Native

- [react-native-responsive-image-view](https://github.com/wKovacs64/react-native-responsive-image-view): React Native component for scaling an Image within the parent View
- [react-native-sideswipe](https://github.com/kkemple/react-native-sideswipe): React Native cross-platform carousel component based on FlatList

Commit message:

Add react-selected and react-t-minus (#61)

README.md, after:

# Awesome React Render Props

Awesome list of React components with render props and resources.

> PR's Welcome!

## Videos

-  [The State of Animation in React](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tavDv5hXpo) by [Cheng Lou](https://twitter.com/_chenglou)
-  [Use Render Props with React](https://egghead.io/lessons/react-use-render-props-with-react) 💲 by [Kent C. Dodds](https://twitter.com/kentcdodds)
-  [Refactor a HoC to a Render Prop Component](https://egghead.io/lessons/react-refactor-a-higher-order-component-to-a-render-prop-component) by [Andrew Del Prete](https://twitter.com/andrewdelprete)
-  [Unit test a React Render Prop component](https://egghead.io/lessons/react-unit-test-a-react-render-prop-component) 💲 by [Andrew Del Prete](https://twitter.com/andrewdelprete)
-  [Integration test a React component that consumes a Render Prop](https://egghead.io/lessons/react-integration-test-a-react-component-that-consumes-a-render-prop) 💲 by [Andrew Del Prete](https://twitter.com/andrewdelprete)
-  [Compose render prop components with React Adopt](https://egghead.io/lessons/react-compose-render-prop-components-with-react-adopt) by [Andrew Del Prete](https://twitter.com/andrewdelprete)

## Blog Posts / Articles

- [Use a Render Prop!](https://cdb.reacttraining.com/use-a-render-prop-50de598f11ce) by [Michael Jackson](https://twitter.com/mjackson)
- [Query Components with Apollo](https://dev-blog.apollodata.com/query-components-with-apollo-ec603188c157) by [Kureev Alexey](https://twitter.com/kureevalexey)
- [Testing ⚛️ components using render props](https://blog.kentcdodds.com/5623ab1814c) by [Kent C. Dodds](https://twitter.com/kentcdodds)
- [How to give rendering control to users with prop getters](https://blog.kentcdodds.com/549eaef76acf) by [Kent C. Dodds](https://twitter.com/kentcdodds)
- [React’s ⚛️ new Context API](https://medium.com/dailyjs/reacts--new-context-api-70c9fe01596b) (uses a render prop, includes handy examples) by [Kent C. Dodds](https://twitter.com/kentcdodds)

## Components

### Animation

- [react-motion](https://github.com/chenglou/react-motion): A spring that solves your animation problems.
- [react-move](https://github.com/react-tools/react-move): Beautiful, data-driven animations for React
- [react-prop-transition](https://github.com/imranolas/react-prop-transition): Transition _almost_ any value over time.
- [react-morph](https://github.com/brunnolou/react-morph): Morphing Ui transitions made simple
- [react-spring](https://github.com/drcmda/react-spring): 🙌 Helping react-motion and animated to become best friends

### Interaction

- [react-dragtastic](https://github.com/chrisjpatty/react-dragtastic): Declarative drag-and-drop for React
- [react-beautiful-dnd](https://github.com/atlassian/react-beautiful-dnd): Beautiful, accessible drag and drop for lists with React

### Routing

- [react-router](https://github.com/reacttraining/react-router): Declarative routing for React
- [@curi/react](https://curi.js.org/packages/@curi/react): Centralized routing with React

### Forms

- [Formik](https://github.com/jaredpalmer/formik): Forms in React, without tears 😭
- [React Final Form](https://github.com/final-form/react-final-form): 🏁 High performance subscription-based form state management for React
- [React Attire](https://github.com/gianmarcotoso/react-attire): Minimal state manager that simplifies React form handling
- [Informative](https://github.com/bradwestfall/informative): React Forms with ease. Use render-props to broadcast state
changes for the Form and Field. Also first-class support for re-usable FieldWraps
- [React Form](https://github.com/react-tools/react-form): Simple, powerful, highly composable forms in React
- [react-uncontrolled-form](https://github.com/ericvaladas/react-uncontrolled-form): Forms with validation using uncontrolled fields in React

### Inputs

- [Downshift](https://github.com/paypal/downshift): 🏎 Primitives to build simple, flexible, WAI-ARIA compliant enhanced input React components
- [react-toggled](https://github.com/kentcdodds/react-toggled): Component to build simple, flexible, and accessible toggle components
- [@navjobs/upload](https://github.com/navjobs/upload): Higher order React components for file uploading (with progress) react file upload
- [Dayzed](https://github.com/deseretdigital/dayzed): Primitives to build simple, flexible, WAI-ARIA compliant React date-picker components
- [react-compound-slider](https://github.com/sghall/react-compound-slider): React Compound Slider is a tiny (5kb) slider component with no opinion about markup or styles
- [react-selected](https://github.com/jxom/react-selected): React component to build flexible and accessible radio buttons/elements.

### Data

- [react-apollo](https://github.com/apollographql/react-apollo): ♻️ React integration for Apollo Client
- [urql](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/urql): Universal React Query Library
- [holen](https://github.com/tkh44/holen): Declarative fetch for React
- [react-request](https://github.com/jmeas/react-request): Declarative HTTP requests for React with request deduplication and response caching
- [react-firestore](https://github.com/green-arrow/react-firestore): Render prop components to fetch Firestore collections and documents
- [redux-box](https://github.com/anish000kumar/redux-box): Modular and easy-to-grasp redux based state management, with least boilerplate
- [statty](https://github.com/vesparny/statty): A tiny and unobtrusive state management library for React and Preact apps
- [react-localforage](https://github.com/tkh44/react-localforage): Declarative localForage in React
- [react-senna](https://github.com/collardeau/react-senna): A store component to quickly initiate state and update handlers
- [constate](https://github.com/diegohaz/constate): React context + state = constate
- [react-whisper ☝️😮](https://github.com/arturkulig/react-whisper): Store, Reducer and Actor components for app-wide state management

### Misc

- [nuka-carousel](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/nuka-carousel): React Carousel Component
- [react-fns](https://github.com/jaredpalmer/react-fns): Browser API's turned into declarative React components and HoC's
- [react-media](https://github.com/reacttraining/react-media): CSS media queries for React
- [react-value](https://github.com/JedWatson/react-value): An easy easy way to wrap controlled components that provide `value` and `onChange` props with state.
- [react-redux-local](https://github.com/imflavio/react-redux-local): Simple local reducer with middleware/sagas/redux-dev-tools support.
- [react-powerplug](https://github.com/renatorib/react-powerplug): Renderless Pluggable State Containers
- [react-google-maps-loader](https://github.com/xuopled/react-google-maps-loader): Simple loader to use google maps services
- [react-progressive-image](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/react-progressive-image): React component for progressive image loading
- [react-device-battery](https://github.com/zanonnicola/react-device-battery): 🔋 Notifies your React App of the device battery status
- [react-loads](https://github.com/jxom/react-loads): A simple React component to handle loading state
- [react-data-sort](https://github.com/corjen/react-data-sort): React component for sorting, paginating and searching data
- [redux-render](https://github.com/jsonnull/redux-render): Ergonomic Redux bindings for React using render props
- [unstated](https://github.com/thejameskyle/unstated): Share state between components with the same stateful component API
- [render-props-compose](https://github.com/gnapse/render-props-compose): Compose several nested render prop components into one
- [react-useragent](https://github.com/jonstuebe/react-useragent): Retrieve user agent data through render props
- [react-gizmo](https://github.com/KadoBOT/react-gizmo): UI Finite State Machine for React
- [react-geolocation](https://github.com/tkh44/react-geolocation): Declarative geolocation in React
- [react-composer](https://github.com/jmeas/react-composer): Compose render prop components
- [react-sentinel](https://github.com/YurkaninRyan/react-sentinel): Abstracts away requestAnimationFrame, allowing you to poll anything for props
- [react-albus](https://github.com/americanexpress/react-albus): React component library for building declarative multi-step flows (wizards).
- [react-pro-metronome](https://github.com/rigobauer/react-pro-metronome): React component for creating your own metronome
- [react-with-async-fonts](https://github.com/sergeybekrin/react-with-async-fonts): Module for dealing with custom web fonts
- [@tedconf/react-show-more](https://github.com/tedconf/react-show-more): A Unopinionated component to handle showing more items
- [react-treefold](https://github.com/gnapse/react-treefold): A renderless tree component for your hierarchical React views
- [@danwang/retainer](https://github.com/danwang/retainer): Compose render prop components by lifting computation into containers
- [react-google-calendar-events-list](https://github.com/VinSpee/react-gcal-events-list): React component which retrieves events from a google calendar.
- [react-adopt](https://github.com/pedronauck/react-adopt): 😎 Compose render props components like a pro.
- [react-pledge](https://github.com/petergombos/react-pledge): Declarative way to track promise lifecycle states using "render props" 🕶
- [react-render-fam](https://github.com/danieldelcore/react-render-fam): Lit components for conditional rendering in React
- [react-power-picture](https://github.com/tvthatsme/react-power-picture): Progressively load an image srcset for maximum responsiveness and performance
- [react-t-minus](https://github.com/jxom/react-t-minus): A React component to handle simple countdowns.

### React Native

- [react-native-responsive-image-view](https://github.com/wKovacs64/react-native-responsive-image-view): React Native component for scaling an Image within the parent View
- [react-native-sideswipe](https://github.com/kkemple/react-native-sideswipe): React Native cross-platform carousel component based on FlatList
